what uses an education I already got a
PhD in fucking pussy don't gone yo what
the fuck
hold on
hey in full
Hey
three organs oh shit Jacob I'm sorry I'm
already hanging out with two friends
I've kind of got my hands full looking
after them we should do something so
dumb
vamos disco
my car
I've got some bodies in here
I've heard you take care of them
natural causes course seems like a booth
in the head is as natural as it gets in
this town it wearing sick were they know
had a few problems with sick bodies no
one wants a liver if it's riddled with
tumors huh know what I mean
no shit
looks like the bullet went right through
this one's eye and the prize is through
the roof at the moment fine can I leave
you with these or what sure I'll have
these organs out on the street in no
time they're gonna help a lot of folks
he's been trying to help the streets is
more alive
maybe he'll actually be doing it now
better
and let me tell you buy-in really that's
good to know
the doctor has that stuff huh one less
thing to bother me
it is closing in nickel this particular
party is ending